i
never in my life would have thought that
i would have gotten that
deeply involved with it that's
me wearing an sm t-shirt
i quickly became desensitized to the
violence
that the ideology is promoting
you
i cannot bear the chance of something
that i've done
make somebody else go and do something
horrific like this
i got them back on twitter i got them
back on facebook
and on instagram
it was fairly easy to be able to
maneuver
around all of the algorithms
you make it more palatable the graphics
don't have anything to do with hitler
they don't have a swastika they don't
have
anything outright anti-semitic or racist
on it
you're just proud to be white and when
people gravitate
to the nsn website then you would
see the swastikas and that's where the
core
beliefs then get introduced
[Music]
the suspect was inspired by another
notorious mosque attack
he live-streamed himself opening fire
on the back of the christchurch we are
providing body-worn video of our
firearms teams at their training
facilities
with a view to develop artificial
intelligence and machine learning
so if we have an individual who uploads
live footage of a live shooting
facebook's technology can identify that
and take it down themselves
okay stop there and face the world for
me
as a company they are very proactive
they take a lot of material down
but our biggest concern is the smaller
internet providers and some of the
fringe
uh internet companies that's really
challenging and as a result we're seeing
more and more
propaganda and terrorist materials
circulating online